# Process of Application Creation and Deployment:
This Windows Forms application (made in Visual Studio) uses two Forms and 10 Resources (one of those Resources is used in three different instances) to allow a user to click through the various menu items available at a diner.  First, the program opens Form1 and if the user clicks the “Start” button, Form2 opens and Form1 gets hidden simultaneously.  At that instant, a sound of cutlery striking a plate will loop and the user can click any of the “Breakfast”, “Lunch”, or “Dinner” buttons.  Once any of those buttons are pressed, a new Panel will be displayed with an image of the menu item available for the meal corresponding to the button pressed.  There is also a “home” button in the bottom left-hand corner of each of the three menu item Panels and if the user presses that button, the application takes the user back to the main Panel of Form2 that has the three menu item buttons.  If the user closes Form2, the user will be taken back to Form1 and the sound will stop playing.  If at any time, the user closes Form1, the application will be closed completely.

As for the process of creating Form1, I made an additional class to declare a global variable which is used for the sound that loops when Form2 is opened.  The reason for using a global variable here is that I needed to use the sound from Form1 in Form2 as well.  Initially, I tried to realize this shared sound in Form2 by inheriting from Form1, but that process became more complicated than I anticipated it to be, so I resorted to using the global variable instead.  Also, when Form1 is loaded, I added a custom font file to be used for the font for Form1’s TextBox Control.  The custom font file was chosen because it follows the retro theme that a diner has.  In the Designer for Form1, I set the TextBox’s TextAlign Property to “Center.”  Then, I set the PictureBox’s Dock Property to “Fill” so that when the user maximizes the window corresponding to Form1, that Form’s PictureBox gets resized as well.  I also set the Anchor Property for the PictureBox to “Top, Left” and the PictureBox’s SizeMode to “StretchImage.”  “StretchImage” was used so that the image could fit the confines of the Form1 container.  Next, I set the “Start” button’s Anchor Property to “Bottom” and ImageAlign Property to “BottomCenter.”  The Bitmap used for the PictureBox comes from an image I manipulated in Microsoft PowerPoint, resized in GIMP, and converted to a bitmap in Paint.  The Bitmap used for the “Start” button comes from an image I created in Microsoft PowerPoint, resized in GIMP, and converted to a bitmap in Paint.

When creating Form2, I added a method named “returnHome()” that gets called when the “home” button, in any of the three menu item Panels, is pressed.  The reason for creating this method is that even though each of those Panels has its own home button, the button has the same functionality for each of those Panels.  A timer is used in the Dinner Panel for the next part of the project that I am still working on.  In addition, in the Designer for Form2, the Panels were difficult to align with each other at the beginning.  Nonetheless, over time, I followed the Padding properties in the Form2 Container and used the Lock Controls option and the Panels were finally aligned.  I also used the Lock Controls option for the “home” buttons that corresponded with the menu item Panels.  Also, I set each Panel’s Dock Property to “Fill” so that when the user maximizes the window corresponding to Form2, the image in each Panel gets resized as well.  Then, I set the Anchor Property for each Panel to “Top, Left” and each Panel’s BackgroundImageLayout Property to “Stretch.”  “Stretch” was used so that each Panel’s BackgroundImage could fit the confines of the Form2 container.  Next, I set each menu item button’s Anchor Property to “Bottom.”  Then, I set each “home” button’s Anchor Property to “Bottom, Left” and BackgroundImageLayout Property to “Stretch.”  Each of the Bitmaps used for each Panel’s BackgroundImage comes from an image I manipulated in Microsoft PowerPoint, resized in GIMP, and converted to a bitmap in Paint.  Also, each of the Bitmaps used for each button comes from an image I created in Microsoft PowerPoint, resized in GIMP, and converted to a bitmap in Paint.

Next, as for the deployment, I originally tried to use ClickOnce, but I ran into some issues with this tool.  First, without a Microsoft Authenticode Certificate, the Publisher name displayed prior to application installation was not the one I chose prior to publishing the application.  Second, a prompt blocked downloads of the application executable from the internet on two different browsers, and that is not a pleasant experience for any user.  Thus, I tried to use MSIX instead of ClickOnce, and afterwards, said issues were resolved.

# Installation Instructions:
If one prefers to use online installation, one can start by downloading the DinerAppInstallationFiles.zip (located in the DinerAppInstaller folder).  The .zip file will download.  Next, one can locate the .zip file and extract it.  Then, one can locate the index.html file and double-click on it.  In the browser window that opens, click the “Get the app” button and in the pop-up dialog box that opens with the message “This site is trying to open App Installer”, click the “Open” button.  Next, in the installation pop-up window that opens, click the “Install” button.  By default, the “Launch when ready” radio button is checked, so after installation, the application will launch.

However, if one prefers to use offline installation, one can start by downloading the DinerAppInstallationFiles.zip (located in the DinerAppInstaller folder).  The .zip file will download.  Next, one can locate the .zip file and extract it.  Then, one can locate the APPINSTALLER file and double-click on it.  Then, in the installation pop-up window that opens, click the “Install” button.  By default, the “Launch when ready” radio button is checked, so after installation, the application will launch.
